# Guangyi Zhou - Project Portfolio for TripLog

## Project Overview
**TripLog** is a CLI-centric desktop application designed for travelers who prefer managing their itineraries via a terminal interface. It allows users to track destinations and trip schedules, providing a streamlined, keyboard-first alternative to traditional GUI-based travel planners.

### Summary of Contributions

* **Code Contribution**: [Link to Repo Analyzer](https://nus-cs2103-ay2526-s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2026-02-20T00%3A00%3A00&filteredFileName=&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=2520th&tabRepo=AY2526S2-CS2103-F13-2%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

* **Feature Enhanced: Added Filter Command**
  * **What it does**: Create and update program state to a new filter context by date range `sd` and `ed`
  * **Justification**: Users may only wish to view trips from a given range of dates
  * **Highlights**: Implemented parsing logic in `FilterCommandParser` to parse arguments.

* **Feature Enhanced: Added Icons to TripCards**
  * **What it does**: Add icons to address, email, phone, start date, and end date within each trip card UI
  * **Justification**: Users can identify a field type efficiently
  * **Highlights**: Change directly showing labels to HBox with icons, improve UI logics.

* **Documentation Contributions**:
    * **User Guide**: Authored the section on the `filter` command, documenting the specific filter logic which allows null fields. 
    * **Developer Guide**: Authored the user stories section and implementation section for the `filter` command.

* **Quality Assurance & Testing**:
    * Added tests for `FilterCommand` and `FilterCommandParser` classes

---

## Contributions to the User Guide

### Creating a filter context: `filter`

Create and change filter context to trips within the range of `sd` and `ed`.

Format: `filter sd/YYYY-MM-DD ed/YYYY-MM-DD`

- Require the presence of both sd and ed arguments

Examples:
- `filter sd/2025-06-08 ed/2025-06-10`.

Notes:
- Refer to specific date filtering logic in the user guide

---

## Contributions to the Developer Guide

### User Stories

See user stories section in the developer guide

### Filter Command

#### Implementation

See sequence diagram and descriptions in the developer guide

#### Design considerations

**Aspect: How to handle null date fields**

When users provide only one date for a trip, they will fill it in the `sd` field, therefore the current filter logic checks `sd` is in the query range first and allow optional `ed`.

**Aspect: Why not optional query date fields**

Users can include all past trips after a given query `sd` by entering the current date in `ed`. An arbitrarily early query `sd` can filter all trips before a given `ed`.

---

## Contributions to Team Tasks

* **Diagram Creation**: Sequence diagram for filter command.
* **PR Reviews**: Reviewed pull requests from teammates, providing suggestions on design patterns.
* **Bug fixes**: Fix filter context loss issues inherited from AB3 design with the show all predicate after add or edit commands.

---

## Review of Alpha Bugs Reported

| ID   | Title                                          | Severity |
|------|------------------------------------------------|----------|
| #70  | Fix FilterCommand null exception and add tests | High     |
| #237 | fix filter context loss issue                  | High     |
